What is Agile Methodology?
AGILE methodology is a practice that promotes continuous iteration of development and testing throughout the software development lifecycle of the project. Both development and testing activities are concurrent unlike the Waterfall model

The agile software development emphasizes on four core values.

Individual and team interactions over processes and tools
Working software over comprehensive documentation
Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
Responding to change over following a plan

Agile Vs Waterfall Method
Agile and Waterfall model are two different methods for software development process. Though they are different in their approach, both methods are useful at times, depending on the requirement and the type of the project.

Agile Model                                      =>                                      Waterfall Model

Agile method proposes incremental and iterative approach to software design  => Development of the software flows sequentially from start point to end point.

The agile process is broken into individual models that designers work on  =>  The design process is not broken into an individual models

The customer has early and frequent opportunities to look at the product and make decision and changes to the project         =>          The customer can only see the product at the end of the project

Agile model is considered unstructured compared to the waterfall model    =>   Waterfall model are more secure because they are so plan oriented

Small projects can be implemented very quickly. For large projects, it is difficult to estimate the development time.   =>  All sorts of project can be estimated and completed.

Error can be fixed in the middle of the project.  =>  Only at the end, the whole product is tested. If the requirement error is found or any changes have to be made, the project has to start from the beginning

Development process is iterative, and the project is executed in short (2-4) weeks iterations. Planning is very less.  =>  The development process is phased, and the phase is much bigger than iteration. Every phase ends with the detailed description of the next phase.

Documentation attends less priority than software development  => Documentation is a top priority and can even use for training staff and upgrade the software with another team

Every iteration has its own testing phase. It allows implementing regression testing every time new functions or logic are released.  =>  Only after the development phase, the testing phase is executed because separate parts are not fully functional.

In agile testing when an iteration end, shippable features of the product is delivered to the customer. New features are usable right after shipment. It is useful when you have good contact with customers.   =>   All features developed are delivered at once after the long implementation phase.

Testers and developers work together   =>   Testers work separately from developers

At the end of every sprint, user acceptance is performed   =>   User acceptance is performed at the end of the project.

It requires close communication with developers and together analyze requirements and planning   =>  Developer does not involve in requirement and planning process. Usually, time delays between tests and coding

Scrum
SCRUM is an agile development method which concentrates specifically on how to manage tasks within a team-based development environment.
It consists of three roles, and their responsibilities are explained as follows:
Scrum Master
Master is responsible for setting up the team, sprint meeting and removes obstacles to progress
Product owner
The Product Owner creates product backlog, prioritizes the backlog and is responsible for the delivery of the functionality at each iteration
Scrum Team
Team manages its own work and organizes the work to complete the sprint or cycle

Product Backlog
This is a repository where requirements are tracked with details on the no of requirements to be completed for each release. It should be maintained and prioritized by Product Owner, and it should be distributed to the scrum team. Team can also request for a new requirement addition or modification or deletion

Process flow of Scrum Methodologies:
Process flow of scrum testing is as follows:

Each iteration of a scrum is known as Sprint
Product backlog is a list where all details are entered to get end product
During each Sprint, top items of Product backlog are selected and turned into Sprint backlog
Team works on the defined sprint backlog
Team checks for the daily work
At the end of the sprint, team delivers product functionality

eXtreme Programming (XP)
Extreme Programming technique is very helpful when there is constantly changing demands or requirements from the customers or when they are not sure about the functionality of the system. It advocates frequent "releases" of the product in short development cycles, which inherently improves the productivity of the system and also introduces a checkpoint where any customer requirements can be easily implemented. The XP develops software keeping customer in the target.

Phases of eXtreme programming:
There are 6 phases available in Agile XP method, and those are explained as follows:

Planning
Identification of stakeholders and sponsors
Infrastructure Requirements
Security related information and gathering
Service Level Agreements and its conditions

Analysis
Capturing of Stories in Parking lot
Prioritize stories in Parking lot
Scrubbing of stories for estimation
Define Iteration SPAN(Time)
Resource planning for both Development and QA teams

Design
Break down of tasks
Test Scenario preparation for each task
Regression Automation Framework

Execution
Coding
Unit Testing
Execution of Manual test scenarios
Defect Report generation
Conversion of Manual to Automation regression test cases
Mid Iteration review
End of Iteration review

Wrapping
Small Releases
Regression Testing
Demos and reviews
Develop new stories based on the need
Process Improvements based on end of iteration review comments

Closure
Pilot Launch
Training
Production Launch
SLA Guarantee assurance
Review SOA strategy
Production Support

There are two storyboards available to track the work on a daily basis, and those are listed below for reference.

Story Cardboard
This is a traditional way of collecting all the stories in a board in the form of stick notes to track daily XP activities. As this manual activity involves more effort and time, it is better to switch to an online form.
Online Storyboard
Online tool Storyboard can be used to store the stories. Several teams can use it for different purposes.

Feature Driven Development (FDD)
This method is focused around "designing & building" features. Unlike other agile methods, FDD describes very specific and short phases of work that has to be accomplished separately per feature. It includes domain walkthrough, design inspection, promote to build, code inspection and design. FDD develops product keeping following things in the target

Domain object Modeling
Development by feature
Component/ Class Ownership
Feature Teams
Inspections
Configuration Management
Regular Builds
Visibility of progress and results
Lean Software Development
Lean software development method is based on the principle "Just in time production". It aims at increasing speed of software development and decreasing cost. Lean development can be summarized in seven steps.

Eliminating Waste
Amplifying learning
Defer commitment (deciding as late as possible)
Early delivery
Empowering the team
Building Integrity
Optimize the whole
Kanban
Kanban originally emerged from Japanese word that means, a card containing all the information needed to be done on the product at each stage along its path to completion. This framework or method is quite adopted in software testing method especially in agile testing.

